Add sentence for paginate() prev/next url when using base paths. (#8569)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/api-reference.mdx

**Type:** `string | undefined`
</p>

> Get the URL of the previous page (will be `undefined` if on page 1). If using a base path, prepend the base path to the URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the URL of the previous page (will be `undefined` if on page 1). If a value is set for [`base`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#base), prepend the base path to the URL.
```
I like having a link to the actual value here! (Wording was fine, but with a link to value, felt more helpful to say "a value set for" here)

##### `page.url.next`

<p>
**Type:** `string | undefined`
</p>

> Get the URL of the next page (will be `undefined` if no more pages). If using a base path, prepend the base path to the URL.

Author: ```suggestion
Get the URL of the next page (will be `undefined` if no more pages). If a value is set for [`base`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#base), prepend the base path to the URL.
```
